Create contributing docs (#123)
NREL/mappymatch: docs/source/general/contributing.rst

Contributing
==================== 

.. contents:: Overview
   :depth: 2
   :local: 

Getting Started
----------------- 
We are happy your are even considering helping. We hope this guide makes the process seamless. We really appreciate your help! 

If you are new to open source contribution, please checkout :ref:`best-practices` and :ref:`toolbelt`. 

.. note:: 
   All command line code is run from the project root except where noted.

.. tip:: 
   In :code:`git clone <forked_repo_https_link.git>` , text inside the < >, and the < > get replaced with the appropriate specific text. The < > visually separate the syntax which remains unchanged from the text that needs to be changed. It is a common development pattern that is confusing if you have not seen it before. To see another example of it, type :code:`git --help` on your command line.

Select an issue 
----------------
Look through the open issues and for an issue labelled ``good first issue`` or ``documentation`` that is unassigned. 

> Once you have selected an issue, then assign it to yourself by placing the word ``take`` as a comment. This will initiate a github action to assign it to you. It may take a few seconds or require you to refresh the page. Your goal is to finish the process from self assigning the issue to submitting the initial Pull Request (PR) in less than 2 weeks. This keeps your work from diverging too much from the main branch. 

Reviewer: This sounds interesting. Do you have a link to the action that would do something like this?

Author: https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/development/contributing.html#where-to-start 

I was going to dig through their actions to find the correct one.

Reviewer: I dig it. What do you think about making a new issue for adding this action and then we can hold on adding this to the docs until we implement the new action?

Author: Lets make an issue and close the PR. I would like to try to work out some of the CI issues.

Reviewer: Added a new issue here: https://github.com/NREL/mappymatch/issues/126

> Once you have selected an issue, then assign it to yourself by placing the word ``take`` as a comment. This will initiate a github action to assign it to you. It may take a few seconds or require you to refresh the page. Your goal is to finish the process from self assigning the issue to submitting the initial Pull Request (PR) in less than 2 weeks. This keeps your work from diverging too much from the main branch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have selected an issue, then assign it to yourself by placing the word ``take`` as a comment. This will indicate to other contributors that you're working on the issue. Your goal is to finish the process from self assigning the issue to submitting the initial Pull Request (PR) in less than 2 weeks. This keeps your work from diverging too much from the main branch. 
```

Pulling out the action specific language

That being said, life happens, we appreciate you however you decide to help. If something comes up, and you need to unassign an issue (place the word ``remove`` as a comment) or post that you are still working on it, then that is okay. 

Build from the source (First time only)
----------------------------------------------
   #. Go to the `repo <https://github.com/NREL/mappymatch>`_ and click on :guilabel:`Fork` in the upper right.
   #. Navigate to your fork which will be <you_user_name>/mappymatch . Click on the green :guilabel:`Code` drop down and copy the https link. 
   #. From the command line:  

      .. code-block:: sh 
         :caption: Clone the forked repo.

         git clone <forked_repo_https_link.git>

      .. code-block:: sh
         :caption: Create the Conda environment, and activate it. You will need to run each command separately.

>          cd mappy_match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         cd mappymatch
```

         conda create -f contributor_environment.yml

>          conda activate mappy_match 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         conda activate mappymatch 
```
modification of the name to match what's in contributor_environment.yml
